SPEEDTEST MONITOR FOR macOS
FIRST-LAUNCH SECURITY STEPS

Speedtest Monitor 1.1.0 is not code-signed or notarized.  macOS may block the
application and the optional approval helper the first time each is opened.

Only continue if this disk image came from the official project release:
https://github.com/RamrattanN/speedtest-dashboard/releases

INSTALL AND OPEN THE APPLICATION

1. Drag Speedtest Monitor to Applications.
2. Open Speedtest Monitor from Applications.
3. If macOS blocks it, select Done.
4. Open System Settings, select Privacy & Security, and scroll to Security.
5. Find the message about Speedtest Monitor and select Open Anyway.
6. Authenticate when prompted, then confirm Open.

OPTIONAL APPROVAL HELPER

The disk image also contains Allow and Open Speedtest Monitor.command.  The
helper removes the quarantine attribute only from the installed application
and then opens it.  The helper is also unsigned, so macOS may block it on its
first launch.

If the helper is blocked:

1. Select Done on the warning.
2. Open System Settings, select Privacy & Security, and scroll to Security.
3. Find the message about Allow and Open Speedtest Monitor.command.
4. Select Open Anyway and authenticate.
5. Double-click the helper again and follow its prompts.

TERMINAL FALLBACK

If Open Anyway is unavailable or the helper still does not run, open Terminal
and run these two commands:

sudo xattr -dr com.apple.quarantine "/Applications/Speedtest Monitor.app"
open "/Applications/Speedtest Monitor.app"

Enter the Mac login password when prompted.  Terminal does not display the
password while it is typed.  This is expected.

OFFICIAL MEASUREMENT ENGINE

Production measurements require the official Ookla Speedtest CLI.  This disk
image does not redistribute Ookla's executable.  Open Install Official Ookla
CLI.webloc, or visit:

https://www.speedtest.net/apps/cli

After installing the matching Intel or Apple silicon CLI, open the dashboard,
expand Connection Overview, and open Measurement engine.  Confirm that the
official CLI is detected, or save its full executable path.  Compatibility
mode permits the Python engine only after an explicit selection and can produce
materially different results.
